Document new pin endpoints (#7585)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/message.mdx

| Field    | Type                | Description                               |
|----------|---------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| messages | array of snowflakes | an array of message ids to delete (2-100) |

## Get Channel Pins
<Route method="GET">/channels/[\{channel.id\}](/docs/resources/channel#channel-object)/messages/pins</Route>

Retrieves the list of pins in a channel. Requires the `VIEW_CHANNEL` permission. If the user is missing the `READ_MESSAGE_HISTORY` permission in the channel, then no pins will be returned.

###### Query String Params

| Field   | Type              | Description                               | Default |
|---------|-------------------|-------------------------------------------|---------|
| before? | ISO8601 timestamp | Get messages pinned before this timestamp | absent  |

> | limit?  | integer           | Max number of pins to return (1-50)       | 50      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| limit?  | integer           | Max number of pins to return (2-50)       | 50      |
```
Setting the limit to 1 throws the following:
```
400 Bad Request (error code: 50035): Invalid Form Body
In limit: int value should be greater than or equal to 2.
```

Reviewer 2: probably better to support limits of 1 for consistency

Reviewer 3: For this I suggest [submitting an issue](https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/issues) since we would likely want the endpoint to be able to return one pin.

Reviewer 4: So... this pull request has merged immaturely?

Reviewer: Update: ~~setting the limit to 1 works as it should now.~~ I was calling a different endpoint, it still errors out when set to 1.

Reviewer 3: I let the team know about the issue, thanks for digging into it!

Reviewer 2: fixed, limit=1 works now

## Pin Message
<Route method="PUT">/channels/[\{channel.id\}](/docs/resources/channel#channel-object)/messages/pins/[\{message.id\}](/docs/resources/message#message-object)</Route>

Pin a message in a channel. Requires the `MANAGE_MESSAGES` permission. Fires a [Channel Pins Update](/docs/events/gateway-events#channel-pins-update) Gateway event.

:::info
This endpoint supports the `X-Audit-Log-Reason` header.
:::

## Unpin Message
<Route method="DELETE">/channels/[\{channel.id\}](/docs/resources/channel#channel-object)/messages/pins/[\{message.id\}](/docs/resources/message#message-object)</Route>

Unpin a message in a channel. Requires the `MANAGE_MESSAGES` permission. Returns a 204 empty response on success. Fires a [Channel Pins Update](/docs/events/gateway-events#channel-pins-update) Gateway event.

:::info
This endpoint supports the `X-Audit-Log-Reason` header.
:::

## Get Pinned Messages (deprecated)
<Route method="GET">/channels/[\{channel.id\}](/docs/resources/channel#channel-object)/pins</Route>

Gets the first 50 pinned messages in a channel, returning an array of [message](/docs/resources/message#message-object) objects on success.

> This endpoint is deprecated. Use the one above instead.

Reviewer 5: The "above" might be confusing since it's a bit far away. This is a website, so we can use hrefs to refer to another section.

```suggestion
This endpoint is deprecated. Use [Get Channel Pins](/docs/resources/message#get-channel-pins) instead.
```

I'd do the same for each deprecated endpoint.
